update OntoRefine info (#110)
OpenRefine/openrefine.github.com: download.md

| [p3-batchrefine](https://github.com/fusepoolP3/p3-batchrefine) | BatchRefine adds batch processing capabilities to OpenRefine and support multiple back end including spark | SpazioDati | 
| [RefineOnSpark](https://github.com/andreybratus/RefineOnSpark) | RefineOnSpark is a driver program to run OpenRefine jobs on the Spark cluster | SpazioDati | 
| [Reconciliation-and-Matching-Framework](https://github.com/RBGKew/Reconciliation-and-Matching-Framework) | A framework to allow the matching of string entities using customised sets of transformations and matchers, plus a tool to produce the necessary configurations and another to expose them as OpenRefine reconciliation services.  | RBGKew | 

> | [OntoRefine](https://platform.ontotext.com/ontorefine/) | Ontotext Refine is a data transformation tool based on OpenRefine. Until GraphDB 9.11 it was integrated in Workbench, since GraphDB is a separate product (Ontotext Refine 1.0 release in July 2022). It can be used for converting tabular data to RDF using a visual mapper or SPARQL, exporting it as Turtle or importing it to a GraphDB repository directly, using SPARQL queries against a virtual endpoint of Refine data.  | Ontotext |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [OntoRefine](https://platform.ontotext.com/ontorefine/) | Ontotext Refine, previously called OntoRefine, is a closed-source data transformation tool based on OpenRefine. It can be used for converting tabular data to RDF using a visual mapper or SPARQL, exporting it as Turtle or importing it to a GraphDB repository directly, using SPARQL queries against a virtual endpoint of Refine data.  | Ontotext |
```
I don't think users benefit from the level of detail of when packaging changed. They can get that from the Ontotext site. The fact that it's not open source is an important detail, however.
